_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update personal information and academic publications

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=mxeaepgAAAAJ'>🎓 Google Scholar</a>. <a href='https://github.com/HeyWeCome'>🐙 GitHub</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Email: heywecome@gmail.com</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am currently a Ph.D. candidate at **Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications (CQUPT)** in Chongqing, China. I am fortunate to be advised by **Prof. Yunpeng Xiao**.

My research interests primarily lie in the fields of **Social Computing**, **Information Diffusion**, and **Information Retrieval**. I am dedicated to developing data-driven approaches to model user behavior and information propagation dynamics within complex social networks. My recent work involves utilizing deep learning and graph mining techniques to address challenges in sequential recommendation, rumor propagation modeling, and multi-source data fusion.

I actively contribute to the academic community and serve as a reviewer or program committee member for several prestigious journals and conferences, including **IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE)**, **IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems (TNNLS)**, **IEEE Transactions on Computational Social Systems (TCSS)**, **AAAI** and so on.
